Update investigate-ip.md (#10264)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/investigate-ip.md

You can find information from the following sections in the IP address view:

> - IP Geo information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IP geo information
```

- Alerts related to this IP

> - IP in organization obserbations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IP in organization observations
```

> - Prevalence in organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevalence in organization
```

> ## IP Geo information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## IP geo information
```

> In the left pane the page provides IP details, when exist. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the left pane, the page provides IP details (if available). 
```

- Organization (ISP)
- ASN
- Country
- State
- City
- Carrier
- Latitude
- Longitude
- Postal code

## Alerts related to this IP

The **Alerts related to this IP** section provides a list of alerts that are associated with the IP.

## IP observed in organization

> The **IP in organization** section provides list of devices who had connection with this IP, and the last event details for each device (the list is limited to 100 devices).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **IP observed in organization** section provides a list of devices that have a connection with this IP and the last event details for each device (the list is limited to 100 devices).
```

## Prevalence

The **Prevalence** section displays how many devices have connected to this IP address, and when the IP was first and last seen. You can filter the results of this section by time period; the default period is 30 days.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Investigate an external IP:**

> 2. Enter the IP address in the **Search** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter the IP address in the **Search** field.
```

> 3. Click on the IP suggestion box and open the IP side panel **Enter**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the IP suggestion box and open the IP side panel.
3. Select **Enter**.
```
